# Leveraging-Supervised-Machine-Learning-Model-to-Predict-Food-Delivery-Time
The importance of human comfort has grown throughout the time as technology progresses and new, quicker tools are readily accessible. Consumers now prefer to buy food online, and presume that it will be delivered to their houses within the expected time. The ability to estimate delivery times with accuracy is essential for retaining existing customers and expanding the business. Regarding this, the study suggests a predictive machine learning model to forecast the delivery time of online food based on actual logistics information from a company that takes orders, transmits them to affiliated eateries, and hires riders to deliver the food to clients. The datasets are extensively scrutinised to find out the correlation between the features affecting delivery time. Moreover, two supervised machine learning model i.e. Support Vector Regression (SVR) and Random Forest Regression (RFR) are deployed for getting the most accurate prediction. The analysis also performs feature importance that identified the components that had the greatest impact .The results show that while both of the models  are capable of making correct predictions, the SVR is more effective than RFR in terms of R-squared (R2) value and Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE). Finally, this paper concludes with future directions of developing an integrated approach that will use real-time shipment data to enhance user experience with meaningful insights.
